cinema synopses spoiler alert in 965 ad
Odin king of Asgard wages war against
the frost giants of Jotunheim
threatening to plunge the mortal world
into a new icy and their leader Luffy
prevent them from conquering the nine
realms
starting with earth much humanity would
not face this threat alone the Asgardian
warriors defeat the frost giants and
seized the source of their power the
casket of ancient winters and the source
of their power was taken from them in
the present Odin's son Thor prepares to
ascend to the throne of Asgard he mighty
hammer Mjolnir is a fit companion for a
king but is interrupted when frost
giants attempt to retrieve the casket
against Odin's order is nothing you can
do without defying father Thor travels
to Jotunheim to confront Luffy
accompanied by his brother local
childhood friend SIF and the Warriors
three Volstagg Fandral and Hogan's were
going to Jotunheim run back home little
princess
a battle ensues until Odin intervenes to
save the Asgardians destroying the
fragile truce between the two races you
got what he came for
what so be it for Thor's arrogance you
are no fool wooden strips his son of his
godly power loved ones you have betrayed
and exiled him to earth as a mortal
accompanied by his hammer Maria now
protected by an enchantment that allows
only the worthy to wield whoever holds
this hammer if he be worthy shall
possess the power of Thor lands in New
Mexico were asked for physicist dr. Jane
Foster her assistant
Darcy Lewis and mentor dr. Erik Selvig
find him the local populace finds Maria
with shield agent Phil Coulson soon
common dears before forcibly acquiring
genes data about the wormhole that
delivered Thor to earth
we need to appropriate your record by
appropriate you mean steel or having
discovered known if nearby location
belongs to me
seeks to retrieve it from the facility
that shield quickly constructed go big
for bigger but he finds himself unable
to lift it and is captured with selvig's
help he is free it's gonna be alright
I'm taking you home now and resigns
himself to exile on earth as he develops
a romance with Jane Loki discovers that
he is Lao fees biological son adopted by
Odin after the war ended xi into the
temple and I found a baby
a weary Odin falls into the deep Odin
sleep recover his strength
Vava has fallen into the odinsleep Loki
seizes the throne in Odin's dead you can
bring your urgent matter to me okay and
offers Luffy the chance to kill Odin and
retrieve the casket and you can slay him
where he lies once Odin is dead I will
return the casket to you SIF and the
warriors three unhappy with Loki's rule
attempt to return Thor from exile we
must move we must find Thor convincing
Heimdall eight keeper of the Bifrost the
means of travelling between worlds to
allow them passage to earth who would
defy the commands of Loki our king yes
good aware of their plan Loki sends the
destroyer a seemingly indestructible
automaton to pursue and kill Thor and
show my prophetess No
to destroy everything the Warriors find
Thor Farnum
but the destroyer attacks and the beats
they must return to Ozma
prompting Thor to offer himself instead
taking their lives will gain you nothing
so take mine and end this structure on
the square and near deaths Thor's
sacrifice proves him worthy to be a
union the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to
return that will return for you deal he
and his fellow as Guardians leave to
confront Loki in Asgard
Loki betrays and nose loudly revealing
his true plan used Luffy's attempt on
Odin's life as an excuse to destroy
Jotunheim with the Bifrost bridge now if
you'll excuse me I have to destroy your
mind to prove to father that I am a
worthy son Thor arrives and fights Loki
before destroying the Bifrost bridge to
stop Loki's plan
stranding himself in Asgard Odin awakens
and prevents the brothers from falling
into the abyss created in the wake of
the bridges destruction I could have
done it father
for you
now no key but loki allows himself to
fall when Odin rejects his pleas for
approval
Thor makes amends with Odin admitting he
is not ready to be king it would be a
wise King that'll never be a wiser King
on you or a better father I have much to
learn while on earth Jane and her team
search for a way to open a portal to ask
us how is she she searches for you in a
post-credits scene Selvig has been taken
to a shield facility dr. Solan where
Nick Fury opens a briefcase and asks him
to study a mysterious cube shaped object
which fury says may hold untold power
may be unlimited now an invisible Loki
prompts avec to agree and he does I
guess that's why the hawk well I guess
that's worth milk for those of you who
saw my captain American synopsis you
know that this is the tesseract one of
the Infinity stones keep watching the
video to see some special Easter eggs
from Thor early in the movie we can see
Odin's Ravens huginn and muninn these
Ravens fly all over the world of Midgard
and bring information to Odin these
Ravens are the reason that Odin is
sometimes also called The Raven God in
Odin's treasure room there are many
Easter eggs one is the orb of agamotto
which doctor strange uses to view events
on earth and in other dimensions
another is the tablet of life and time
which has a recipe written on it for a
serum that can make the drinker immortal
this has shown up often in spider-man
next is the eternal flame a mystical
flame that cannot be extinguished stolen
from suit or by Odin this stops her tour
from lighting his sword and bringing
Ragnarok after that is the warlocks eye
which is an ancient weapon used to
control the minds of others this is
another item from the Thor universe the
last and most important as all of the
Marvel movies are leading to its
realization
the Infinity Gauntlet it was once
wielded by Thanos and is claimed to be
one of the most powerful objects in the
universe the gauntlet has six holes for
the six Infinity stones
this is J Straczynski the main writer of
the Thor movie the town's name in
English is Old Bridge this is an
allusion to the Bifrost The Rainbow
Bridge that connects Midgard to Asgard
it also makes sense as this is the place
on earth that seems to be the point at
which the Bifrost meets the earth Stan
Lee makes his usual movie cameo here as
a pickup truck driver
what is this Donald Blake the name seen
on the shirt Jane gave Thor is actually
the name of Thor's alias in the original
comic I know the scientist pioneer in
gamma radiation the Pioneer in gamma
radiation that is mentioned here is
Bruce Banner better known as the Hulk
slow down sir this is the first
appearance of Barton aka Hawkeye who
shows up in the next movie as one of the
Avengers there is a billboard that has
journey into mystery written on it which
is an allusion to the first Thor comic
of the same name
[Music]
you